# What it is:
All Trails and the Hiking Project are apps that help you find and hike trails around your location, and all over the world.  Both apps are designed to encourage and support people getting outside and enjoying nature.  Both apps are generally crowdsourced from user contributions, data sharing and commenting.  
# Data Collection: 
Both apps collect similar information such as location, personally identifiable information provided when creating your accounts, and how you use their site.   Both apps run various contests to entice users to share more information.  Any information provided by the user is shared with third party affiliates.  Both apps are clear that they are almost always sharing the information you provide with their third party affiliates, and if you choose to log in using another source (such as Google, Facebook, etc), that opens the door to additional sharing. Both companies state that, while you can opt out, it may make using the site inopperable.  
# Contrasts
All Trails mentions that they do not sell your personal information, but they do use your information and how you use the site to personalize advertisements for you.  There are levels of the app which you need a subsciption for in order to eliminate the ads, beyond the free interface.  Much of the usability of the site (such as downloading maps to use offline) are only available through a paid subscription.  While All Trails collects data that would be typical of this kind of app, it also connects to your biometric data through other devices such as an Apple Watch or Garmin, unless you opt out. There is a section in their policy about international transfers of data due to the fact that, while All Trails is based in the US, some of their affiliates are based in the US or other countries. They discuss keeeping your data as safe as possible, but to get more information about these transfers and what data might get transfered where, you have to contact the company. The information isn't listed in the policy. 
<br>
While the Hiking Project is always free, and they share your data with their third party affiliates as All Trails does, they also sell your data.  While you aren't inundated with advertising, your data is being sold.  While you may come across this in reading the privacy policy, it doesn't specify to whom your data is being sold. The Hiking Project also includes third party links within thier sites, but does not govern the policies if a user clicks on them.  They indicate that once you click, you are no longer under the Hiking Project's privacy policy, but rather, the third party's privacy policy.  Clicking the link automatically sends you off to another policy and you may not be aware of that company's policy or know that it's no longer under the Hiking Project's policy.  That could end up amounting to a lot of privacy policies that you'd have to keep track of.    
TASK: Write up a short summary comparing and contrasting. Include an overview of what data is collected and maintained and how they may or may not use it.
If another class member is working on the same two products you can work with them on the writeup. Make sure to include both names and make sure the file is uploaded to both of your repos.
Save write-up in: week03/privacy_terms.pdf

Link to All Trails privacy policy: https://www.alltrails.com/privacy
Link to The Hiking Project privacy policy: https://www.adventureprojects.net/ap-privacy
